RBAC/Docs: Make it more clear that query permissions implies read (#125747)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developer-resources/api-reference/http-api/api-legacy/datasource_permissions.md

}
```

> When granting "Query" permission, The subject also has read access to the data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When granting a `Query` permission, the user also has read access to the data source.
```

To add a permission, set the `permission` field to either `Query`, `Edit`, or `Admin`.
To remove a permission, set the `permission` field to an empty string.

> When adding `Query`, `Edit`, or `Admin`, the subject implicitly has `Read` access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When adding `Query`, `Edit`, or `Admin` permissions, the user implicitly has `Read` access.
```
